# Alleghany House Prices

General Data Science Case Study

Problem Statement

Data.gov is a U.S. government website launched in late May 2009 by the then Federal Chief Information Officer (CIO) of the United States. Data.gov aims to improve public access to high value, machine readable datasets generated by the Executive Branch of the Federal Government. With the advent of modern Data Science, it is worth exploring it to check the value it can yield in the world of investing.

The task for you is to apply modern Data Science techniques to Allegheny County Property Assessments Dataset from Data.gov, with the purpose of identifying how this dataset could generate valuable insights for investing. We anticipate that candidates could use concepts from probability theory, model selection, model validation and optimization techniques, and other Data Science methods. Below are a few potential avenues for you to show off your Data Science skills, but the case study is open ended. Feel free to jump in and see where the data leads you!

•	Is housing price in Allegheny county a martingale? Provide your answer using both a conceptual explanation and an empirical explanation using the case study dataset.
-	Long term average zero.	
-	Standing at 20th year, 
-	Conditional and non-conditional
-	Tau property says its zero today as well. 
-	Risk neutral measure it should be a martingale 
-	Not in the real world
•	Design and test a simple monthly "Allegheny County Home Value Index" using the case study dataset. As an example, see a methodology for a home value index described here.
•	Using the case study dataset, design and test an investment strategy. Let the initial budget for your strategy be $5 million. Let the objective of your strategy be to maximize the value of your budgeted amount at investment time horizon by buying homes that appear on the market in Allegheny county starting January 1, 2016. Let the time horizon to check the resulting value of your investments be November 30, 2020. Use the case study dataset up until and including year 2015 for training and development, and test the developed strategy starting at year 2016. As needed, specify any additional assumptions for the analysis.

